Add README to templates (#15)
airplanedev/templates: README.md

# Airplane Templates

This repo is a growing collection of examples of Airplane tasks, views, and workflows. Each directory has a detailed example of a common use case that we've seen. We hope that this helps you learn about Airplane and build tools faster.

> To use a template, you can run `airplane init --template=<relative path to template directory>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a template, you can run

    airplane init --template=<template directory>
    # For example
    airplane init --template=admin_panel
```

Reviewer: (the 4-space indent is to make it a codeblock)

> For more details, visit the [Template Gallery](https://docs.airplane.dev/templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more details, visit the [Template Gallery](https://docs.airplane.dev/templates).
- Have ideas or feedback? Open a PR or email us at hello@airplane.dev!
```
